# Project 3: *Team TBD*


**Project Deadline:** June 23rd, 2022

_**Members**_: Dhruv, Jorge A., Enock, Santiago, Patrick Y., Vidya, Markus

**Sprint Times:** Every day; Weekends TBD

<br>
<hr>

### Table of Contents
- [Daily Meeting Format](#daily-meeting-format)
- [Meeting Template](#jorges-sprint-meeting-template)
- Meeting Notes
    - 

### Daily Meeting Format:

> ##### _NOTE_: This format is adjustable and SHOULD be adjusted based on the needs of your team. Feel free to communicate your suggestions so that you can make this meeting as efficient as possible!
<br>

1. **What did you do yesterday?**
    - brief rundown of what you accomplished prior to Sprint to update the team on where you are in regard to the project.
    - tasks completed will be tracked through issues and milestones

2. **Did you run into any issues/problems since our last meeting?**
    - (These will typically be tackled after the meeting is over).

3. **Agenda:**
    - important changes or suggestions that  need to be discussed as a team, etc..
    - Feel free to message into your team Discord/Slack/communication-platform or DM Jorge for anything you want to discuss for the day's Sprint OR mention it at the start of the meeting.

4. **What do you want to accomplish by our next sprint?**
    - _*Jorge A. will assign Issues and create milestones to each team member according to this list._
    - Milestones, individual tasks, and reminders

### Jorge's Sprint Meeting Template
<br>

### Sprint #: 06/13/2022   
1. Team Lead Announcements
2. **Progress Check**
    - Markus:
        - [front end working on Cart] 
        - [ ] 
    - Vidya:
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
    - Patrick Y.:
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
    - Santiago:
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
    - Enock:
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
    - Jorge A.:
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
    - Dhruv:
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
<br> </br>

3. **Any issues?**
    - [ ] 
 <br> </br>

4. **Agenda**
    - [ ] 
    - [ ] 
 <br> </br>

5. **Issues/Tasks** 
    - Markus:
        - [Assigned task Front-end Carts feature ] 
        - [ ] 
    - Vidya:
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
    - Patrick Y.:
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
    - Santiago:
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
    - Enock:
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
    - Jorge A.:
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
    - Dhruv:
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
    - _Reminders: Topics to understand and implement:_
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
 <br> </br>


[Return to: _Table of Contents_](#table-of-contents)

<br>

### Sprint #: XX/XX/XXXX
1. Team Lead Announcements
2. **Progress Check**
    - Markus:
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
    - Vidya:
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
    - Patrick Y.:
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
    - Santiago:
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
    - Enock:
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
    - Jorge A.:
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
    - Dhruv:
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
<br> </br>

3. **Any issues?**
    - [ ] 
 <br> </br>

4. **Agenda**
    - [ ] 
    - [ ] 
 <br> </br>

5. **Issues/Tasks** 
    - Markus:
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
    - Vidya:
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
    - Patrick Y.:
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
    - Santiago:
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
    - Enock:
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
    - Jorge A.:
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
    - Dhruv:
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
    - _Reminders: Topics to understand and implement:_
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
        - [ ] 
 <br> </br>


[Return to: _Table of Contents_](#table-of-contents)

<br>
<hr>